HEALTHY COOKING
GUTS OF A BEAUTY
That's okay.
-Thank you very much. Come again.
Let me go.
Thanks for coming.
My turn? I'll pass, thank you.
It's your own doing.
But did the lchiyama clan
bring her here?
I'm sorry. Higashi, you must
apologise as well.
I'm very sorry. I said too much.
You said too much?
You mean it slipped out.
Sorry. I'll take over for today.
Okay.
No. Sister, let me go.
What's wrong with you, sister?
Stop that.
Higashi, explain it to her.
About her fate.
We sold your sister in Africa.
Higashi arranged it all.
Higashi, tell her.
You will never be a really tough guy.
Isn't this enough?
No. She's pathetic.
We can grab her.
That hurts.
Higashi, do it. The Angel Rain.
Angel Rain?
That is too strong for her.
Just use the regular dope.
-Vermin.
You should be grateful and excited.
This is very expensive dope.
This wimp here has sold your sister
in Africa via Manilla.
You will be next.
She's a virgin...and then the effect
of this very special dope.
You. Do you have anything to do
with the dope?
Quickly.
Ken, about the next job...
Don't screw it up.
You guys, take it easy
with the merchandise.
Aquarium Clinic. Hospital.
What's happened?
Help me.
I was with my sister.
She transferred 206 million yen...
...through the computer
to a non-existing account.
This bad guy Higashi,
her boyfriend...
...l found out where he is.
My sister vanished a month ago.
Higashi would take me to her.
I was tricked.
Oh god, I need that dope...
...Angel Rain.
Angel Rain.
No, don't kill yourself.
That dope has messed you up.
Calm down.
Help her.
Higashi, together with the yakuza
clan lchiyama...
...used my sister and took the money.
My sister did not know
she was being tricked.
She believed Higashi
and continued to give him money.
In the end, they sold her in Africa,
via the Philippines.
She will never come back alive.
I finally found Higashi to ask for
my sister's whereabouts...
...but they injected me with dope
and raped me, again and again.
I wish I could help.
Yes.
I understand.
What's up?
She ran away.
Kill the guys who had to watch her.
How's the boss?
You know better where he is
than I do.
What if I did?
Haven't seen him for a while.
The idiot.
He's probably out
chasing some young girl.
Leave me some dope.
I gave you some last time.
I don't have it anymore.
You use too much.
Never mind.
Just leave some for me.
If the boss finds out,
you'll be in trouble.
Not if you keep your mouth shut.
-You know I can't say anything.
That's right. And I can't tell him
I'm screwing you for dope.
Are you sure nobody talked?
-I think so.
You think?
-No, no...l'm sure.
You have no confidence at all.
-I'm sorry.
Listen, you must erase all traces
of the dead girl.
During an autopsy they might find
the dope.
Have you been using it for long?
The dope, I mean.
No, no, just two or three times.
Stupid idiot.
She was your responsibility.
You'd better be prepared
that the boss will find out.
Idiots.
Damn, why should I take responsibility
for unimportant yakuza?
Hello. Higashi speaking.
You injected dope and had me raped.
Who is this?
Damn you. Everybody raped me.
I curse you all.
Who are you?
-I'll get my revenge.
What do you want?
Yes, lchiyama here.
It's Higashi.
It's me. What? From that girl?
You're joking.
Dead girls don't use the telephone.
Don't be a wimp.
I was ordered to remove all traces
of her, so just shut up.
Don't ever mention it again.
Your life is at stake.
Do you understand?
Keep your mouth shut.
You must all keep quiet.
Even if they rip your mouth apart,
you keep quiet.
How could this happen?
I will find out.
I am Kenji Higashi. I have a feeling
we have met before.
So do l. How do you do?
My name is Yoshimi.
Yoshimi?
-What's wrong?
Nothing.
Tell me.
I can see something is wrong.
It's nothing, really. It's just that
I used to know someone...
You knew someone named Yoshimi?
Was this recently?
You didn't treat her well?
-Let's change the subject.
Good idea. We have only just met.
We should not be talking about
another woman.
Excuse me.
I haven't taken a bath yet.
Can you smell it?
What's the matter, Higashi?
I don't like this.
I'm sorry.
I don't know what's wrong.
Maybe you have been
under some stress?
That's nonsense.
I am a psychiatrist.
Trust me and lie down.
I'll turn you into a real man.
Just relax. Like this.
That's good.
Pretend you are a bird
flying in the sky.
Can you see the ocean?
It is the ocean.
Look, there is a plane.
What is its destination?
The Philippines.
That's right, the Philippines.
Manilla.
Look, it is Keiko lto.
She is waiting for you.
Can you see her?
Keiko, don't go.
It wasn't my fault.
It was the lchiyama clan.
They sold you.
It wasn't me.
That's right.
It is the lchiyama's doing.
You should curse them.
Yoshioka, Nishibashi, lchiyama.
That feels good. Mama...
Ken, you cannot be a bad boy anymore.
The lchiyama clan made you bad.
The next time you are with them...
...and they call you an idiot,
you will stab them. Understand?
Do you understand? lf you are
called an idiot, stab them.
Don't forget. Promise me.
I am scared.
If you can promise this,
you will become a real man.
Then you will be able to ejaculate.
I promise.
You will be a man and you will screw
lots of girls.
Don't forget. If they call you
an idiot, you must stab them.
Now you will ejaculate,
and when I count one, two, three...
...you will wake up
and you won't remember anything.
And you'll want to go home.
One, two, three.
Well, Higashi, you have become
a man.
Did you do this with your mouth?
I am rather embarrassed.
It was my first time.
I love you, Yoshimi.
Thank you.
I should be going home.
Can I meet you at the same club
tomorrow?
You idiot.
If you say 'idiot' I must kill you.
Just wait.
Let's hear him out.
That hurts.
Who did you meet, Kenji?
Call a doctor.
Doctor Yoshimi.
What, a geisha?
No, a doctor...psychiatrist.
Where?
At a club in Shinjuku.
You idiot. That is the place
where Yoshimi jumped.
Higashi, one more thing...
Aquarium Clinic.
Yoshimi, is that you?
It's me...Higashi.
Higashi?
I killed them all. Help me, Yoshimi.
They will kill me.
Calm down. Calm down, Higashi.
I'll meet you at the club.
Please be there.
I did it. I did it.
Yoshimi, I made him pay.
Welcome.
Can I help you, miss?
-A highball.
Coming up.
Is there a Yoshimi here?
Telephone.
Hello?
Sit down, Yoshimi.
We are all of the same clan,
so don't bother to resist.
Let's talk and have a drink.
You don't look like a yakuza member.
Is that so?
Well, there are many kinds.
Really?
What is your relation to Yoshimi?
I am Yoshimi.
Is that so?
I am impotent. Do you think
you can treat me, Dr Hiromi?
With hypnosis, for instance?
What do you say, doctor?
Higashi is dead because of you.
It is his own fault.
You're not even related
to the dead girl.
There's no need to go through
so much trouble for a stranger.
Today's yakuza...
Today's yakuza must be alert
in order to survive.
How can you live with yourself?
With all this evil?
We can't live without it.
Stick to your own profession, doc.
You fooled around with Higashi.
I am ashamed we belong
to the same human race.
Then you can stop being human.
I'll personally dig your grave.
You ruined our artwork.
I will rip your ass to shreds.
Wait.
Okay, do it.
She's biting me. Let me go.
Too bad..
Hold her.
Angel Rain. Strong stuff.
It will make you feel good.
Later on you can do us a few favours.
I think you can cure my impotence.
What is this?
That's nice.
Good stuff.
It was too strong.
It's a pity we killed her.
Hiromoto, get rid of her
together with Higashi's body.
Takiguchi, you wait here
for our business partner.
You are alive?
Give me the dope. I will do anything.
Come here. I will lick you.
I will come inside you.
Tonight we'll have plenty of fun.
Does this feel good?
From now on, I will teach you.
See, you should push more
and twist and turn.
Yes, like that.
Where did everybody go?
Stupid idiots.
Who can it be?
Now what?
You idiot. What will you do
when the boss finds out?
Help.
Please don't kill me.
Please, I am just an unimportant
number.
This organisation is like
a spider's web.
Okay, Tuesday next week.
This feels great.
Whenever I need dope...
Wherever there is yakuza...
...there will be dope.
This feels great.